you
that awful alone can make a thief scream
but every day show Tony out of his sweet
dreams dreams about far-off magical
towns when no one was bull or sick or
down he shut off the alarm and rolled
out of bed and began the breakfast
remember when he smelled and eggs but
the breakfast ramble isn't a food you
eat it's the rush to get ready when you
oversleep scramble quickly enough and
you might get some breakfast but Tony
off and didn't since his brothers took
extras
but Tony wasn't Maddie mr. waffles in
exile get some cereal in the school
cafeteria instead if my friends aren't
hungry I can get seconds and thirds in
the knee laughed and said his favorite
set of words no reason to be mad because
I can adapt I'm not about to die from
hunger or thirst I focus on the good
I'll laugh way too bad and I never
forget that it could always be worse
they were able to close the doors these
two brothers and one baby seat for
Tony's little sister in a terrible
threes
mama drones so slow they hated the speed
everyone wanted out the COS felt like me
but Street after Street they saw it all
as they rode broken-down house and
stores to stay close people outside wait
up the Duval T Tony could indeed ream
those problems away
you